h1. Comic-Surfer

HTML5 Comic visualizer mobile App and authoring tool.
Made for the 1st Betabeers Hackathon.

Authors:
Israel Gutiérrez  "(gootyfer)":http://twitter.com/gootyfer/
Víctor Hernández  "(uve.hache)":https://www.facebook.com/uve.hache
Juan Carlos Alonso  "(l_h2o_l)":http://twitter.com/l_h2o_l/

h2. Description

Comic Surfer is mobile app in HTML5 that makes visualization of comic in small screens easier and with a little effort by artists.

Comic Surfer has two parts, an authoring tool and a mobile interface.

The authoring tool enables the artist to select the vignettes for every page in the comic and it allows to link a sound or music to each one.

The mobile interface is made with ([LungoJS](http://lungojs.com/)) allowing access to a huge share of the mobile devices. The user is able to select the desired comic he wants to read, and it will be presented in a very readable size. To navigate the app responds to two touch events: swipe left and swipe right, this makes the navigation very intuitive. When the user reaches the end of the page, a new page is downloaded from the server and starts from the first vignette.

There is a lot of work to do, this is only a very simple version to show the idea.

h2. Limits and know bugs

Best experience on iPhone and Google Chrome.
Sound effects doesn't load on iPhone.
Android has problems with the touch events.
There only one comic and 3 pages of this one.


h2. License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2012 Abizer Nasir

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.